sqlinjection	id	                categories
sqlinjection	name	            categories
sqlinjection	description	        categories
sqlinjection	id	                members
sqlinjection	username	        members
sqlinjection	password	        members
sqlinjection	first_name	        members
sqlinjection	last_name	        members
sqlinjection	email	            members
sqlinjection	permission	        members
sqlinjection	id	                orderlines
sqlinjection	quantity	        orderlines
sqlinjection	product	            orderlines
sqlinjection	order	            orderlines
sqlinjection	id	                orders
sqlinjection	date	            orders
sqlinjection	member	            orders
sqlinjection	id	                payments
sqlinjection	creditcard_number	payments
sqlinjection	date	            payments
sqlinjection	order	            payments
sqlinjection	id	                permissions
sqlinjection	level	            permissions
sqlinjection	name	            permissions
sqlinjection	description	        permissions
sqlinjection	id	                products
sqlinjection	name	            products
sqlinjection	description	        products
sqlinjection	price	            products
sqlinjection	qty_left	        products
sqlinjection	category	        products
sqlinjection	id	                share4
sqlinjection	comment	            share4
sqlinjection	mime	            share4
sqlinjection	data	            share4
